Native Data source no longer supports dedupe (#69)
relativitydev/relativity-trace-documentation: docs/user_documentation.md

-   **Reset Data Source (Console Button):** Disables and resets data source to retrieve data from specified Start Date (Depending on import profile settings, enabling this data source after a reset could duplicate data in the Workspace)

### Data Source Specific Settings

This section contains additional settings which are not associated with specific

> Relativity Fields. The settings described here are common across all Data Source

Reviewer: I don't understand this sentence. Can you explain what you were trying to get here?

Author: I'm not sure which sentence you mean:

#788 This section contains additional settings which are not associated with specific
Relativity Fields

The fields above (Name, Data Source Type, ... , Reset Data Source Console button) exist as actual Relativity field objects, whereas the ones in `Data Source Specific Settings` do not correspond 1:1 to Relativity fields. They are stored in a `Custom Feilds Store` and parsed out by some JavaScript on the front end.

They are separated by section because they have separate sections in the Data Source view and because they require slightly different wording to explain.

#789  The settings described here are common across all Data Source...

This is kind of a strange concept to document, but these fields exist on the DataTypeSettings object (which means that EVERY data source will have the fields), but it's possible to add fields to specific data source types. For example, in an Exchange data source you can set a target data batch size per user in addition to a total target size.

The idea is to document the common fields in a single place so we can reference them below. Previously we were only documenting them on Relativity Native Data Extraction Data Source Types, which was weird.

Types. Type-specific settings are documented under their respected Data Source 
sections.

-   **Password Bank** Used to specify known passwords to attempt
    while encountering protected native files. Multiple passwords 
    can be separated by the pipe character, |. Passwords containing
    the pipe character are supported through escaping the pipe character
    with a second pipe. Pipes are always escaped left to right.

    > **Example Password Bank:** passw0rd|Trace1234!|aaa|bb|cccc||dd||eee|||ff|||ggg||||hhh|||||
    >
    > Yields the following passwords:
    >
    > * passw0rd
    > * Tracer1234!
    > * aaa
    > * bb
    > * cccc|dd|eee|
    > * ff|

>     > * ggg||hhh||

Reviewer: Does password bank work on extracted documents or just the parent native? If there its just the parent native we should call this out in documentation.

Author: All passwords are applied to all documents until a match is found or we run out of passwords, at which point we label the document as having errors

> - **Extraction Thread Count:** The number of documents to extract in parallel.

Reviewer: When would a user adjust this setting? I'm not sure we should document it.

Author: It would be on our recommendation in order to attempt to increase extraction speed.

If a user found that they are falling behind on Enrichment/Ingestion, they could tweak 1) the number of TraceWorkerAgents they have and 2) the number of threads spawned by each agent.

> - **Enrich Documents:** Whether or not to enrich documents. Valid values: true/false

Reviewer: can you define what "enrich" means in this definition?

Author: I added some clarification

This Data Source allows for automatic text extraction/expansion of previously
ingested documents with natives in Relativity. This data source will
automatically extract text, metadata and any children documents from
containers/archives for all documents in the workspace with *Trace Data

> Enrichment Needed* field set to *Yes* and Trace is able to locate the Native

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enrichment Needed* field set to *Yes* and where Trace is able to locate the Native
```

for field descriptions.

> > **WARNING:** Re-extraction of child documents from containers (emails, zips, archives) will generate duplicate child documents (old children will be dropped off the family group) if they are already in Relativity workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **WARNING:** Re-extraction of child documents from containers (emails, zips, archives) will generate duplicate child documents (old children will be dropped off the family group) if they already exist in the workspace.
```
